BULLETINS.
No. 6.
OFFICE SURGEON-GENERAL, U. S. M.-H. S.,
Washington, August 17, 1878.
Abstract of Sanitary Reports received during past week under the National Quarantine Act.
New Orleans.—Since last report, 471 cases yellow-fever and 121 deaths,making a total of 902 cases and 239 deaths, of which 108 cases and 29 deaths occurred during twenty-four hours to noon yesterday.
Port Eads.—Thirty-three cases of yellow-fever and five deaths during the week, to yesterday evening.
Grenada, Miss.—The first case of yellow-fever occurred July 25. To noon yesterday there had been 125 cases and 47 deaths.
Mobile.—One death from yellow-fever yesterday—a colored woman who, it is reported, had been on an excursion to Biloxi, Miss., July 24.
Cincinnati.—Since last report, a young woman living in a house where baggage believed to be from New Orleans was stored, died of a fever resembling yellow-fever. Another case of fever of similar character has since developed in the same neighborhood. Steamer (John D. Porter," from New Orleans, had four deaths from yellow-fever before arriving at Cincinnati, which city she passed on Friday, bound for Pittsburgh, with several cases on board. One man who left the "John D. Porter” at Louisville proceeded to Cincinnati by rail, where he was sent to hospital on the 13th instant with fever. The steamer “Golden Rule” passed Cairo yesterday evening for Cincinnati with two cases yellow-fever on board. Two deaths occurred on board that vessel Thursday.
Several people from New Orleans and Port Eads have sickened or died of yellow-fever on their journey northward; one case at Covington,Ky., one at Cairo, and three deaths at Saint Louis.
Memphis.—The first case of yellow-fever occurred August 13, in the person of a woman, whose eating-house was frequented by river-boatmen. The disease has spread rapidly, but has not yet assumed a malignant type.
Vicksburgh.—Yellow-fever has appeared since last report; the first death occurred August 12. Advices to noon to-day report the outbreak of the disease near river front within last fifteen hours, from whence it is spreading rapidly.
Havana.—Ninety-nine deaths from yellow-fever and nine from smallpox during week ended August 10.
Cardenas and Sagua la Grande, Cuba.—No cases of yellow-fever during week ended August 9.
Matanzas.—Decrease in yellow-fever, week ended August 9.
Calcutta.-Ten deaths from cholera, week ended June 15.
Bombay.—Twenty-five deaths from cholera, week ended June 25.
Reports from other places indicate good health.
JNO. M. WOODWORTH,Surgeon-General, U.S.M.-H.S.

No. 7.
OFFICE SURGEON-GENERAL, U. S. M.-H. S.,
Washington, August 24, 1878.
Abstract of Sanitary Reports received during the past week, under the National Quarantine Act.
New Orleans.—During the week ended yesterday noon, there wer 71 cases of yellow-fever and 295 deaths, making in all 1,673 cases an 34 deaths. During the twenty-four hours to noon yesterday, there were 123 new cases and 40 deaths.
Vicksburgh.—At least 400 cases yellow-fever from date of commencement, August 12, to yesterday evening, and 69 deaths; 20 deaths during last twenty-four hours. Dr. Booth, in charge of the Marine-Hospital Service at that port, telegraphs: “I am sick; impossible to procure accurate data."
Memphis.-One hundred and forty-four cases yellow-fever and 53 deaths during six days to Friday evening.
Canton, Miss.—First case of yellow-fever occurred at Canton on August 1. To yesterday evening, there were 18 cases and eight deaths.
Port Gibson, Miss.—First case of yellow-fever, originating in Port Gibson, occurred August 3, resulting in death August 8. The disease began to spread August 14; 118 cases and nine deaths to yesterday morning.
Cincinnati.—To yesterday evening, no more cases yellow-fever had developed at Cincinnati since the two mentioned in the last report.
The engineer of the steamer “Golden Rule” was admitted to hospital the 22d instant, with yellow-fever, and also one other case, probably yellow-fever, from Memphis.
Morgan Ciry, La.—One case of yellow-fever, August 21; patient from New Orleans.
Ocean Springs, Miss.—Three cases yellow-fever and one death, all imported.
Saint Louis.-Four refugees died of yellow-fever at Saint Louis during past week.
Louisville.—Four river-boatmen, suffering from yellow-fever, are under treatment in an improvised hospital on the U.S. marine-hospital grounds,admitted from steamers “ John D. Porter,” “Sunflower,” “Belle," an . Golden Crown," on the 17th and 18th instant.
Mobile.—The case reported as yellow-fever, August 16, is now officially announced as undoubtedly a mistake. Despatches to 23d instant report good health.
Key West.—No yellow-fever for three weeks to yesterday evening.
Grenada, Miss.—So many of remaining population stricken with the fever that definite information of number of cases and deaths could not be obtained.
Havana.—Ninety deaths from yellow-fever and six from small-pox,week ended August 17.
Matanzas.—Decreased cases yellow-fever; only five American vessels in port August 16, and all of them have either had or were having cases of yellow-fever on board.
Cardenas and Sagua la Grande, Cuba.—No yellow-fever; advices t 6th instant.
Bombay.--Thirty-three deaths from cholera and 15 from small-pox,week ended July 2.
Calcutta.—Nineteen deaths from cholera and 36 from small-pox, week ended June 22.
Reports from other places indicate good health.
JNO. M. WOODWORTH,
Surgeon-General, U. S. M.-H. S.

No. 8.
OFFICE SURGEON-GENERAL, U. S. M.-H. S.
Washington, August 31, 1878.
Abstract of Sanitary Reports received during past week under the National Quarantine Act.
New Orleans. -During the week ended yesterday noon, there wer ,204 cases of yellow-fever and 333 deaths, making in all 2,877 cases an 67 deaths. During the twenty-four hours to noon yesterday, there were 169 new cases and 59 deaths.
Vicksburgh. During the week ended yesterday evening, there wer 16 deaths from yellow-fever making 185 deaths in all, 17 of which occurred within the last twenty-four hours. It is estimated that 800 cases of fever have occurred to date, about half of these in the past week, and 59 new cases in the last twenty-four hours. Dr. Booth, in charge of the patients of the Marine-Hospital Service, died the 27th.
Memphis.-Seven hundred and twenty-one cases of yellow-fever an 41 deaths for the week ended August 29.
Morgan City, La.—The refugee, reported last week sick of yellow-fever,died August 23. Seven other cases have since occurred, and four deaths in all to yesterday noon.
Bay Saint Louis, La.–One death from yellow-fever occurred the 18th instant.
Ocean Springs, Miss.—Three cases of yellow-fever occurred yesterday morning. No deaths during the week.
Water Valley, Miss.—Two cases yellow-fever, both refugees; the first occurred on the 12th and is convalescent, the second on the 26th, which terminated fatally yesterday.
Holly Springs, Miss.-Seven cases of yellow-fever and two deaths to yesterday evening; all refugees. Good health in the city and the United States military camp.
Leighton, Ala.—A refugee from Memphis arrived August 18, and died of yellow-fever August 24.
Saint Louis.—Eight cases of yellow-fever during the week and two deaths; all refugees. At Quarantine, below Saint Louis, there were six new cases and one death, besides 20 doubtful cases admitted during the forty-eight hours ended yesterday evening.
Cairo, Ill.—A river boatman from Memphis died of yellow-fever August 24.
Louisville.-Since last report 11 refugees and boatmen have been attacked with yellow-fever after arrival in Louisville, four of whom have died.
Cincinnati.-Nine cases of yellow-fever five from steamboat “Golden Rule,” and four deaths have occurred since last report. Two of the deaths were the cases reported last week. All came from infected places South.
Wheeling, W. Va.—Case reported through the press on the 28th,officially, pronounced not yellow-fever.
Pittsburgh, Pa.-A deck-hand on the steamboat “John D. Porter” arrived August 26, and died next day of yellow-fever.
Philadelphia.—Two cases of probable yellow-fever occurred August 4, the persons having arrived from Vicksburgh a few hours previously. They were immediately removed to the hospital for infectious diseases.
Havana.–Seventy-one deaths from yellow-fever and six from small-pox during week ended August 26..
Clifton, England.-The United States consul at Bristol, England,reports a severe outbreak of enteric (typhoid) fever at Clifton, near that place, which had been traced to the use of milk from a farm where the pump is five yards from the privy-vault. Previous to the outbreak a young lady had been carried to the farm-house to complete her convalescence from enteric-fever. A wholesome lesson is given in the action of the medical officer of health, who notified the farmer that if he let any member of his family use the contaminated pump-water and disease arose from it, or if he sold any milk and disease arose from it, he would lay information against him as having committed manslaughter.
Trieste, Austria.—Some cases of the plague have occurred at Trieste; advices to August 17.
No reliable information from Key West, and no official reports obtained from Grenada, Canton, and Port Gibson, Miss., and Port Eads, La.
Reports from other places indicate good health.
JNO. M. WOODWORTH,Surgeon-General, U. S. M.-H. S.

No. 9.
OFFICE SURGEON-GENERAL, U. S. M.-H. S.,
Washington, September 7, 1878.
Abstract of Sanitary Reports received during the past week under the National Quarantine Act.
New Orleans.—During the week ended yesterday noon, there wer ,732 cases of yellow-fever and 526 deaths, making in all 4,609 cases an ,395 deaths. During the twenty-four hours to noon yesterday there were 280 new cases and 61 deaths.
Port Eads, Lu.-During the past week, there was one death from yellow-fever, but no new cases.
Morgan City, La.—During the week to yesterday noon, there were 14 cases of yellow-fever and two deaths, making in all 22 cases and six deaths.
Vicksburgh.—During the week ended yesterday evening, there wer 81 deaths, 41 of which occurred in the last twenty-four hours, making in all 366 deaths. About 2,500 cases have occurred since the outbreak. Assistant Surgeon Keyes telegraphs that “the fever is on the increase, aud it is impossible to obtain accurate data.”
Grenada.—Dr. Warren Stone reports 96 new cases of yellow-fever an 9 deaths during the week ended yesterday evening.
Canton, Miss.—During the fortnight ended yesterday noon, there were 172 cases of yellow-fever and 22 deaths, making in all 190 cases and 30 deaths. There are 120 cases under treatment, of which 16 occurred during the last twenty-four hours.
Ocean Springs, Miss.-During the week ended yesterday evening,there were 15 cases of yellow-fever and five deaths.
Holly Springs. The first case of probable yellow-fever occurred on the 27th of August, resulting in death September 1. Two deaths from undoubted yellow-fever followed on the 2d. To yesterday evening,about 100 cases and 25 deaths had occurred. More than one-half of the population fled the city between the 2d and 5th instant. All of the members of the board of health are sick.
Memphis.-For the week ended Thursday evening, September. 5,there were 529 deaths from yellow-fever. Dr. Thornton reports that the number of cases cannot be obtained. During the week before, the number of deaths (241) and the number of cases (721) were as one to three.
Hickman, Ky.—The first case of yellow-fever occurred August 16.
There were 60 cases and 24 deaths to yesterday evening.
Louisville.—For the week ended yesterday evening, there were 25 new cases of yellow-fever and seven deaths, all refugees and river-boat men.
Saint Louis, Mo.—During the week ended yesterday evening, there were three cases of yellow-fever-two refugees and a resident nurse who attended the refugees in hospital. At quarantine, below Saint Louis, there were ten new cases admitted, and nine deaths—all refugees but one, the steward of the quarantine hospital, who is now sick, he having contracted the disease at quarantine. All boats and trains from infected districts are prohibited from entering the city, which remains healthy.
Pascagoula, Miss.—Three cases of yellow-fever in shipping from New Orleans between the 1st and 5th instant.
Cincinnati.—From August 28 to afternoon of September 4, three new cases of yellow-fever and two deaths occurred among refugees.
Bay Saint Louis, Miss.-One refugee arrived from New Orleans Augus 6, with yellow-fever and was sent back to New Orleans the next day.No other cases.
Mobile.—City healthy. No yellow-fever since the one death which occurred August 31.
Key West.-Two cases of yellow-fever and one death during the week ended yesterday noon.
Havana.–Seventy-four deaths from yellow-fever and seven from small-pox during the week ended August 31.
Matanzas, Cuba.-During the fortnight ended August 30, there were no cases of yellow-fever in the bay, and only a few cases on shore.
Sagua la Grande, Cuba.—Since the 16th of August, there were two deaths from yellow-fever, but at the date of advices, August 28, there were no cases in town or harbor.
Calcutta.—Nine deaths from cholera and 26 from small-pox, week ended July 6.
Bombay.--Forty-one deaths from cholera and six from small-pox,week ended July 16.
Madras.—Six deaths from cholera, week ended June 28.
No official reports could be obtained from Port Gibson, Miss., Greenville, Miss., and Brownsville, Tenn., where yellow-fever is reported to exist.
Reports from other places indicate good health, including Blount Spring, Ala., and Cedar Keys, Fla., both erroneously reported through the press, as having cases of yellow-fever.
JNO. M. WOODWORTH,Surgeon-General, U. 8. M.-H. S.

No. 10.
OFFICE SURGEON-GENERAL, U. S. M.-H. S.,
Washington, September 14, 1878.
Abstract of Sanitary Reports received during the past week under the National Quarantine Act.
Memphis.--During the week 'ended 6 o'clock, September 12, there were 687 deaths from yellow-fever. It is impossible for the Memphis authorities to ascertain the number of cases.
Brownsville, Tenn.-The first case of probable yellow-fever occurred on the 29th of August, resulting in death September 2, since which time there have been nine deaths from yellow-fever. There were 30 cases under treatment last evening. At least two-thirds of the population fled the city between the 1st and 4th instant.
Holly Springs.—One hundred and sixteen new cases of yellow-fever and 42 deaths occurred during the week ended yesterday evening,making in all 216 cases and 67 deaths. All of the resident physicians are sick.
Canton, Miss.-One hundred and fifty new cases of yellow-fever an 0 deaths for the week ended yesterday evening. First case, Augus ; total cases, 340; total deaths, 50.
Port Gibson, Miss.—Dr. Wharton, of Mississippi State Health Board,reports about 500 cases of yellow-fever and 94 deaths to yesterday noon,and “very few subjects left to take it."
Water Valley, Miss.—One citizen taken with yellow-fever Septembe , and died on the 7th. No other cases to yesterday evening since the refugee cases reported in August.
Ocean Springs, Miss.-Sixteen cases of yellow-fever and four deaths occurred during the week ended yesterday evening, making 34 cases and nine deaths in all since commencement, August 30.
Pass Christian, Miss.-From August 29 to September 9, there wer 5 cases of yellow-fever and one death.
Bay Saint Louis, Miss.-Six cases of yellow-fever developed in Bay Saint Louis during the last week; two deaths. No new cases yesterday.
Pascagoula, Miss. One of the cases, previously reported, since died. No new cases.
New Orleans.—During the week ended yesterday noon, there wer ,528 cases of yellow-fever and 530 deaths, making in all 6,137 cases and 1,925 deaths. In the last twenty-four hours, to Friday noon, there were 228 cases and 58 deaths.
Plaquemine, La.—One hundred and seventy-five cases of yellow-fever and 37 deaths had occurred up to September 8.
Morgan City, La.—There have been 25 cases of yellow-fever and eight deaths, of which three cases and two deaths occurred during past week.
Port Eads, La.—No cases and no deaths from yellow-fever during last week. There were 21 cases and two deaths from August 16 to 31–
period not previously reported—making in all 67 cases and eight deaths.
Mobile.—One death from yellow-fever occurred on the 9th instant.
No other cases to last evening. City healthy.
Saint Louis. During the week, there were two cases, of local origiu,said by some to be yellow-fever, disputed by others; one died; the other was sent to quarantine hospital, where nine refugees died of yellow-fever during the same period.
Cairo.—The editor of the “Cairo Bulletin” died of yellow-fever on the 12th instant. One employé of the Bulletin office died yesterday.
No other cases. On the 4th instant, four members of a family, residing two miles from Cairo, upon the bank of the Mississippi, were suddenly stricken with yellow-fever. On the 10th, the remaining two members of the family were attacked; one died. The children found an abanboned skiff in the river, and removed it to the house for repair. Three or four days afterward all who were around the boat were stricken with fever in one day. The quarantine physician dissents from the diagnosis of the attending and consulting physicians.
Hickman, Ky.—The telegraph-operator reported dead. No other information obtained.
Louisville.—There were 19 new cases of yellow-fever and seven deaths for the week ended yesterday evening—all refugees.
Cincinnati.—From September 4 to yesterday evening, there were seven cases of yellow-fever and four deaths. All of whom were recently from infected places South.
Gallipolis, Ohio.—There have been 25 cases of yellow-fever and nine deaths, resulting from communication with the steamboat 6 John D. Porter” and her barges, while anchored near Gallipolis. This vessel and her infected barges ascended the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, from New Orleans to Gallipolis, with effect much like a firebrand among explosives. The local health authorities could only prevent her landing,and the law forbids this office interfering in such cases.
Key West.—One case of yellow-fever and one death during the past week.
Kingston, Jamaica, September 3.—A few cases of yellow-fever have occurred at Port Royal, six miles from Kingston; one proved fatal.
The steamship “Etna," from Hayti, arrived at Kingston on the 1st instant, with the purser sick of yellow-fever, contracted in Hayti.
Calcutta.—There were 11 deaths from cholera and 20 from small-pox during the week ended July 13.
Bombay.-Twenty-two deaths from cholera and nine from small-pox,week ended July 23.
Havana.—Fifty-one deaths from yellow-fever and five from small-pox during the week ended September 7.
During the week ended August 24, there were 24 deaths from scarletfever in Birmingham, England, and the same number in Liverpool and London. In Hamburg there were 31 deaths from typhus-fever, 11 from enteric-fever, and 20 from diphtheria in the same week.
In Alexandria, Egypt, the annual rate of mortality per 1,000 of the population, based on the weekly mortality for the week ended August 8, was 58.8.
No official reports could be obtained from Vicksburgh, Grenada,Baton Rouge, Bolton, &c.
Reports from other places indicate good health.
JNO. M. WOODWORTH,
Surgeon-General, U. S. M.-H. S.
